 I have cumulative experience of 10 years with in-depth management experience in roles requiring exceptional analytical and quantitative abilities.

Throughout my academic and professional career I have been appraised for and been successful due to my strong analytical and quantitative skills. Starting from getting a merit based admission scholarship for a very high score on the GMAT (top 2%) to graduating in the top 5% of the class, I believe my superior analytical skills have helped me shine.

Simplifying ambiguous scenarios through strong analytical skills is a competence that I can leverage in a challenging environment.
Who would you go to for questions about Analytical Skills?


    Customers do not pick up the phone after the initial pitch and sales people can't resist calling customers dozen times a day and end up  burning the opportunity and relationship.  Life can be fun if they could both make sure they do one thing each. Mr. Customer - Please pick up the phone and say No and tell the seller you are not interested. Seller has invested some time and he deserves closure. Mr. Sales Person - Do not call customer 8 times a day. If he is not picking up the phone or replying your text messages, its a No anyway. Learn to let go and move on. Happy Selling!!!


See all activity
Experience

    Confiz
    Head Of Product Management
    Company Name Confiz
    Dates Employed Jan 2017 – Present Employment Duration 1 yr 7 mos
    Confiz
    Business Manager - Data Science Practice
    Company Name Confiz
    Dates Employed Jan 2016 – Dec 2016 Employment Duration 12 mos
    Service Industries Limited
    International Sales and Marketing Manager
    Company Name Service Industries Limited
    Dates Employed Jan 2015 – Dec 2015 Employment Duration 12 mos
    Location Lahore, Pakistan

    I Led the company's business development initiatives, targeting new markets outside the traditionally strong market for Service in Europe. Currently I am looking after all business development activities and customer accounts in the UK, US and Australia regions. Apart from developing new business, I also play the role of an account manager for Customers in Sweden, South Africa, Russia, Australia, the UK. The total business I handle is around US$ 4 million

    • Found and contracted an agent/representative for the organization in the UK, which has led to being able to bring in 30% more volume of business for SIL in the UK. Also have been able to breakthrough with one of the leading UK brands NEXT,Plc. The new business has brought in around 0.5m GBP revenue.

    • Appointed a partner in the US to represent SIL in the US. Visited the largest footwear sourcing fair in the US and held meaningful meetings with many potential customers which has led to great chances of breaking through in a totally new market for SIL.
    Service Industries Limited
    Business Manager
    Company Name Service Industries Limited
    Dates Employed May 2014 – Dec 2014 Employment Duration 8 mos
    Location Lahore

    Heading the Business of the footwear retail brand Lark & Finch in Pakistan.
    Service Industries Limited
    Manager, Business Planning and Analysis
    Company Name Service Industries Limited
    Dates Employed Dec 2012 – May 2014 Employment Duration 1 yr 6 mos
    Location Lahore

    Led the company's business transformation from traditional planning models to category management designing new merchandising and retail planning processes. Spearheaded the annual budgeting process and as a key player in the management team, owned all strategic decisions on the product architecture. Managed all aspects of marketing from digital media to all other in-store branding activities. Responsible for preparing and presenting to the CEO executive reports and ad-hoc analysis reports. Managed all aspects of local and imported sourcing of the company worth 200m PKR.

    • Increased sales by 44% and improved gross margin by 7% points by rationalizing product categories and investing more of the purchase budget in productive and higher margin earning categories.

    • Generated approximately 15m PKR of saving by reducing by 10% on average the inventory carried at stores and the warehouse , achieved by rationalizing the SKU mix and the sourcing mix between imports and local manufacturing.

    • Ensured timely launches of seasonal merchandise by creating and ensuring the following of a merchandising calendar for all sourcing activities.

Education

    Lahore University of Management Sciences
    Lahore University of Management Sciences

    Degree Name MBA

    Field Of Study Marketing

    Grade 3.85

    Dates attended or expected graduation 2010 – 2012

    Activities and Societies: President, LUMS Supply Chain Management Executive Club

    Graduated on the Dean's Honor List.

    Placed on the Dean's Honor List at the end of the first academic year

    Awarded academic performance based scholarship for second year for being in the top 5%

    Awarded merit scholarship for the first year for being in the top 5% based on admission rank
