Sunday 2 P.M. my phone rings. The person on the other side says he is calling from DIG office please talk to SHO Mahmood. Then he connects the call. SHO starts very nicely and then mentions a girl in hospital for cancer treatment needing chemotherapy. Says she needs rs. 85000. I asked him who give him my reference he does not have any real answer. Kind of police Wireless chatter heard continuously in background.
A. Is somebody pulling scam impersonating as Policemen?
B. Are policeman trying to pull a scam?

Whose briyani has more chicken boti? I want to cast my vote for that candidate/party.

I wouldn't vote for PTI.
Sorry I wanted to say "would". I have presidential qualities.


Intentionally not taking my car to service station to do my part in saving water. My car still works and I like it, may be others can not have their drivers wash their cars daily as well. I am also taking quick showers (under 1 min) so please ignore any stink :P


Wonderful article. 20 something youngest of Kardashian-Jenner clan, 7 full time employees, outsourced production and e-comm (Shopify), 50Mill+ social followers, and a Billion dollar empire in making. Are business schools doing any case studies yet? I volunteer for research part :P
forbes.com
How 20-Year-Old Kylie Jenner Built A $900 Million Fortune In Less Than 3 Years


Television these days: Imran Khan's ad, Nawaz Sharif's ad, Bilalwal's ad, Pampers ad, Imran Khan ad, Nawaz ad .... It's very confusing. Whose election symbol is Pampers?

Question: who is responsible for proper planning and utilisation of the funds being collected for Dam construction? Will that be Chief Justice of Pakistan as a person or a proper department? I really want to participate/donate but not sure what's going on.




Najam Saqib It뭩 not a new charity drive. We have seen others as well like qarz utaro mulk sawanro. What happened to them? General public have no idea. cJ is doing this on the personal level but where are the institutions. If tomorrow he leaves, which institution 꿙ee More





All those people in Lahore marking themselves safe in floods. Thank you. It seems you have not been to Lahore before or have not experienced rain here 

Voted for this guy 5 years ago, he even won the NA seat. Never saw him once then, or know of any single thing he did. Close to election he is not even doing any jalsas rather running social media ads.
If someone knows better please share.



Saad Salahuddin
Saad Salahuddin Great post and I totally agree with what you've said in some of your comments. I am a big PTI fan but I would be the first to not support the party if they don't deliver. Also, I am of the opinion that we should vote for the individual candidates rather than the party themselves, so it is key to know about the candidates. (Saaed Sajjad tou blind supporter hai :D :D )
Manage
LikeShow more reactions
 Reply  2w  Edited
Saaed Sajjad replied  6 Replies
Saad Salahuddin
Saad Salahuddin Ahsan Saleem - just to share some details (if I don't have the wrong guy), Shafqat Mahmood was appointed as information Secretary by PTI in May last year (https://nation.com.pk/.../shafqat-new-pti-information...) and has been pretty vocal on the media 꿙ee More
2
Manage
LikeShow more reactions
 Reply  2w  Edited
Saad Salahuddin replied  1 Reply
Shahzad Ismail Mian
Shahzad Ismail Mian TBH, MNAs are legislators. It's not their job to get development work done in their constituency. Its the job of local govt., the deputy Commissioner.
Manage

Imran Haider Dr. Yasmin Rashid is a good example of how to engage people in your constituency. She lost the last election but still remained in people and now she is favorite of winning this election. On another side, Shafqat Mahmood will only depend on PTI vote bank. Because he was not active in his constituency in last five years, he must have lost a lot of support.
Manage


Confiz Careers Leadership at Confiz Connect 2018/19. Great energy and engaging discussions. Exciting goals set for next year and 2020.
Image may contain: 11 people, including Ahsan Saleem, people smiling, people 



Forget statistics. Ronaldo was more graceful in defeat than Messi. That says a lot.



Amazing when people come together. Women for peace protesting against ICE in Congress


DC protest by women against cruel immigration policy


Coming soon to Lahore? We will be standing in lines to get water delivery number every other day if water is not metered for commercial and residential usage. Imagine daily life without water.
#InstallWaterMeters




Wonderful weekend watch. Did you know Russia had (has) a state-sponsored doping program for their top athletes, which had been proven by International Anti Doping Agency and resulted in stripping of 40 Olympic medals? Watch this docu on how Russia's chief doping scientist blows the whistle and yet Russia still participates in 2016 Rio Olympics.